bavaria with the third victory in the third
play 100 percent success rate and
thus table leader the beko bbl
Polyols at the beginning, however, played a role
ludwigsburger big on michael's daughter
The Son of Chanson put us back then
congenial day mailman dreamless for
to say something else to the older ones
and as so often, the apple does not fall
far from the trunk
Willingly his old master at least
the pants are whole short passengers
back to the game 13 to 7 at the beginning for
the host never has kilic with the
first points Munich takes so now
slowly drive up and put a 9
0-run out fastbreak bryce taylor the
bayern-bank sees it with delight too
there is no stopping on the ranks now
more
fun aside and back to
Main attraction on Wednesday evening the
fans in the Ludwigsburg mhp arena
looked like those of exercise leader svetislav
pesic led actors slowly though
sure the booklet picked up
lead the way the length of the
24-year-old tops before the match with 18
Counters ludwigsburger always put
again in front of unsolvable problems six
games on bavaria side scorten
binary
Robin Benzing with one of his three
successful three ludwigsburg with the
good luck in this phase the
fashion by hugh grant still falls
warning words of the trainer
keep intensity high check in check
quick switch check carried forward
perfected by quarterback john
Bryant with the 30 meter pass on turbo
chain bed rest is not in too
the second half showed the guests out
munich that here almost break ice
on top of that he is conjured before he
have before laureate light
but also the hosts can be nimble
Grant hangs home and one
Body control and also the most
From the beginning it will stop again
settles by the opposite of the ex
ludwigsburger lucca staiger with the so
the best way to sink the sites
under the watchful eye of svetislav
Pesic shia the münchner their opponents
on distance met from the same with 55
percent much better and rewarded
yourself with a sovereign 95 too
71 victory in ludwigsburg free in euro like
it should go further is clear
the beko basketball bundesliga you feel
the dribble